About Us We are a financial services start up focusing on helping to improve consumer credit profiles. We are currently seeking KPI driven sales representatives looking to earn up to 45K in their first year while working remotely. We offer comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching to help you meet your financial goals. During our training period we offer a guaranteed training stipend while our trainees are acclimating to the position (*see weekly pay below). If you are a seasoned sales professional looking for the autonomy of a remote position combined with great compensation, we want to hear from you! Compensation Structure This role is 100% commission-based , which means your earning potential is unlimited. In addition, we regularly offer competitive performance-based bonuses to reward hard work and results. Training Period (Weeks 1–4) We invest in your success and want to make sure you’re supported as you get up to speed: Week 1: Commission-only (a chance to start earning right away while learning the ropes). Weeks 2–4: Guaranteed training stipend of $500 USD total – or your commission if it’s higher. You’ll always receive whichever amount benefits you most. Week 0: Unpaid Week 1: $100 guaranteed minimum Week 2: $150 guaranteed minimum Week 3: $250 guaranteed minimum By the end of training, you’ll have the skills to maximize commissions, with the safety net of a guaranteed base during your ramp-up period. Post Training Period: Average first year OTE: 25K-35K (US) Annually Top Rep first year OTE: 35K-45K (US) Annually *The above is the average pay you can expect, however, there is unlimited earning potential for those who are financially motivated top performers looking to exceed sales targets. What will you be doing? Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit. We are looking for team members who are: Tech savvy with the ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, google sheets, etc. Our team uses these digital tools daily. Growth oriented and always looking to learn and acquire new skills. Autonomous self starters who can work independently and efficiently. Team players with the ability to implement feedback from their sales coaches. Patient and professional with clients. Finances can be a difficult topic for some clients to discuss. We are looking for individuals who showcase empathy and professionalism especially under pressure! Financially motivated individuals who can meet and exceed sales targets. Outgoing with outstanding rapport building and active listening skills. Can you carry a conversation with anyone? This may be for you! You will need: Home office or a quiet place to work. Strong internet connection. Desktop or laptop (*Please Note: Devices such as Chromebooks, IPADs and laptops with 8G’s of RAM and under will have issues supporting our system) Scheduling Training: The schedule for the first four weeks of our training period is 10 AM - 6 PM EST. *The first week of training is mandatory for all new trainees. If a day is missed you may be asked to restart the first week of training. Post Training: We are currently seeking representatives to work on the following schedule: Monday - Friday Shift hours to be discussed with our hiring manager based on our company's needs at the time of hire. Shifts are as follows: 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM EST 9:00 AM - 5:00 AM EST 9:30 AM - 5:30 PM EST 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM EST 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM EST 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST 11:30 AM - 7:30 PM EST 12:30 PM - 8:30 PM EST 1:30 PM - 9:30 PM EST 2:30 PM - 10:30 PM EST 3:00 PM - 11:00 PM EST Job Type: Contract Shift: 8 hour shift Day shift Evening shift Morning shift Night shift Supplemental Pay: Bonus opportunities Commission pay Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required) Work Location: Remote About The Company Credit Wellness, LLC Credit Wellness LLC is quickly gaining traction in the fintech space and is positioned to be a leading provider of financial services for the highly leveraged consumer. About Us We are a financial services start up focusing on helping to improve consumer credit profiles. We are currently seeking KPI driven sales representatives looking to earn up to 45K in their first year while working remotely. We offer comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching to help you meet your financial goals. Read more → More Sales jobs in Worldwide Sales Consultant • PLACE Corporate Careers PLACE Corporate Careers Sales full-time entry-level base pay $17/ho.. Worldwide New View Job > Junior Sales Manager • Theratalent Theratalent Sales full-time junior Worldwide New View Job > Sales Closer • Infinity Recruitment Solutions Infinity Recruitment Solutions Sales full-time Worldwide New View Job > Sales & Business Development Executives • CB Pro CB Pro Sales full-time mid-level Worldwide New View Job > Freelance Telesales Expert • Victus Sales Victus Sales Sales full-time entry-level Worldwide New View Job > Senior Solution Consultant • Atlassian Atlassian Sales full-time senior Worldwide New View Job > View more similar jobs Kickstart Your Job Search ⚡ 10,415 remote jobs added this week You're seeing 0.4% of available roles Unlock 120,000+ jobs → Meet JobCopilot: Your Personal Al Job Hunter Automatically Apply to Remote Jobs Try it now → Before You Apply 👋 Please mention that you come from Remotive when applying for this job. Be aware of the location restriction for this remote position: Worldwide ‼ Beware of scams ! When applying for jobs, you should NEVER have to pay anything. Learn more. ️ 🙈 Does this job need an edit? Let us know! Back to Remote jobs > Sales Inside Sales Contractor @Credit Wellness, LLC Sales Salary OTE $25k - $35k Remote Location Worldwide Employment Type full-time Posted 4wks ago 🙈 Does this job need an edit? Let us know! Apply for this position Save job Saved Track application Did not apply ✓ Applied ✓ Sent Follow-U