ronment: While we have physical offices in Sydney & Hobart, we do not mandate compulsory attendance Top-spec hardware: All team members will be provided with top-spec laptops for their role Generative AI subsidy: UpGuard provides paid subscriptions for all team members to access generative AI tools to support their work UpGuard is a Certified Great Place to Work® in the US, Australia, UK and India, establishing its position as a leading global technology employer. 99% of team members agree that UpGuard is a great place to work! Apply now to find out why! As an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Please Note: Not all roles can be performed from the United States. Please check your specific job listing to confirm its advertised location. If the role you are applying for is listed as based in the US, we are currently only able to support hiring in the following locations: CA, CO, FL, IL, MA, MD, MO, OR, PA, TX, WA, and DC. Before starting work with us, you will need to undertake a national police history check and reference checks. Show more Apply now > Annual salary information is not provided for this position. Explore salary ranges for similar roles in our Salary Directory › Upload your resume now To unlock remote work opportunities and be discovered by global employers. This job listing has been manually reviewed by the Jobicy Trust & Safety Team for compliance with our posting guidelines, including verification of the company's legitimacy, accuracy of job details, clarity of remote work policy, and absence of misleading or fraudulent content. Next step Apply now. Follow the employer’s application method and review Jobicy’s safety guidance before sharing personal information. Did you apply? Let us know, and we’ll help you track your application. Yes No Continue on the employer website Protect your personal information and never pay to secure an interview or job offer. View safety guidance . Apply Now Save Log in to save × Your job search Everything in one place. Saved jobs Keep promising roles close Application tracker Stay on top of every step Relevant alerts Discover roles that fit One quick step before you apply Sign in to continue. Sign in or create a free account to continue to the employer's application. Applying is free. After signing in, return to this job and select Apply Now. Add alert Report Share Keep exploring Related remote jobs. Rockbot Oct 6 New Enterprise SDR Enterprise Sales Development Representative (SDR) Why This Role Matters Every day, millions of consumers engage with businesses in physical locations — from retailers and grocery stores to restaurants, gyms, hospitality… Remote from USA Work type Full Time Compensation USD 70k–85k/year AppSamurai Oct 6 New Sales Account Executive Let create the future of mobile user engagement together! Would you like to be at the center of a digital storytelling revolution? Do you enjoy technology but also love getting… Remote from Brazil Work type Full Time Lightspeed Commerce Oct 6 New Field Sales Account Executive – Brussel (Bilingual) Lightspeed is driven by building the restaurant platform that helps restaurants adapt, take control, and get back to what they do best: building the businesses they love. As a Field… Remote from Belgium Work type Full Time Kong Inc. Oct 6 New Staff Solutions Engineer – Northeast Are you ready to unlock intelligence? If you don’t think you meet all of the criteria below but are still interested in the job, please apply. Nobody checks every box… Remote from USA Work type Full Time Compensation USD 220k–260k/year Spire Oct 6 New Sales Manager – Americas The Opportunity: We are seeking an ambitious, self-directed Sales Manager to accelerate revenue growth across the Americas and advance the digitization of the global weather and climate ecosystem. Operating with… Remote from USA Work type Full Time Compensation USD 115k–135k/year Toast Oct 6 New Bilingual Strategic Cuisines Account Executive (Mandarin ) – West Coast This is a fully remote bilingual Mandarin sales opportunity based out of a personal home office. You must live within a PST time zone. Toast creates technology to help restaurants… Remote from USA Work type Full Time Compensation USD 115k–237k/year Fastly Oct 6 New Commercial Account Executive Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and… Remote from Germany Work type Full Time Spire Oct 6 New Sales Manager – Weather & Climate (EMEA & APAC) The Role: We are seeking an ambitious, self-directed Sales Manager to accelerate revenue growth across EMEA and APAC and advance the digitization of the global weather and climate ecosystem. Operating… Remote from Europe Work type Full Time Roboflow Oct 6 New Enterprise Account Executive Who We Are Our mission is to make the world programmable. Sight is one of the key ways we understand the world, and soon this will be true for the… Remote from USA Work type Full Time Compensation USD 300k/year Quantum Metric Oct 6 New Solutions Engineer – UK (German Speaking) 😎 Our Culture Quantum Metric’s number one objective is happy people, diverse and inclusive culture. We’re passionate about empowering our people to become the best version of themselves, offering coaching… Remote from UK Work type Full Time Compensation GBP 70k–95k/year Browse all jobs Your next opportunity On this page Role overview Application tools About this role Related remote jobs About the company UpGuard Comprehensive cybersecurity and vendor risk management solutions. Industry Management Consulting Established 2012 Open roles 13 Actively hiring Verified job posting This listing has been manually reviewed for authenticity, fraud signals, and compliance with Jobicy's publishing standards. How verification works → More opportunities Keep your search moving. Explore verified remote roles across industries, locations, and experience levels. View all remote jobs Job Search Safety Tips × Here are some tips to help you search and apply for jobs safely: Watch out for suspicious jobs Don't apply for jobs that offer high pay for little work or offer to hire you without an interview. Read more › Check the employer's profile Make sure you're applying for a trustworthy job by visiting the employer's profile and learning more about them. Read more › Protect your information Don't share personal details like your bank account or government-issued ID on suspicious websites or messengers. Read more › Report jobs that feel unsafe If you see a job that seems misleading, inappropriate or discriminatory, report it for going against our policies and we'll review it. Share this job × Facebook Twitter (X) LinkedIn WhatsApp Telegram Copy link Jobs Talent AI Tools Salaries Menu AI‑Powered Career Growth with Jobicy! Hire Talent Jobicy About FAQ & Contact Us Pricing Advertise Transparency Community LinkedIn Facebook Twitter (X) Instagram Remote Talent Discover Job Listings Career Advice Remote Companies Interview Prep Hub Career Paths Salaries Directory Human Resources Remote Jobs API/RSS Affiliate Program Remote Work Index Sitemap Career Tools Online Resu